It is an old hotel but that does have the plus point of having old thick walls which helps if you dont want to be kept awake by revellers coming in at 5am and we werent 

The room was spacious and clean. It was near a main road but no noise kept u awake at night. Great stay! 

The person at the front desk was barely polite and not overly welcoming. 

 I was also impressed that even though this hotel is right on the highway i did not hear highway noise at all during the evening. 

room #400 was right by ice machine and elevator making it a noisy night...wifi was intermittent...around 8p in the lobby a large group of individuals gathered several tables and made a makeshift bar of sorts with a substantial amount of hard liquor and whisky bottles. The appeared to be using the free soft drinks as mixers. I am assuming they were guests but my children were afraid to go near the lobby as the group was very loud and cursing. 

The noise level was low although the hotel was packed due to the NCAA basketball tournaments going on in town that same weekend.

The hotel was wonderful. The breakfast at the restaurant was delicious. They offered live music at night. All around nice stay. The location was superb for walking around downtown. Close to everything without the bustle of it all. 

There are refrigerators in the rooms, and although our room was close to the elevator and the hotel was full of high school sports teams our room was very quiet. It's an easy trip downtown from this hotel - we only stayed there because there was nothing affordable closer, but it was fine and parking is free.

I ran out of hot water 2 of the 4 mornings. Don't pull the curtains open the windows are filthy. The in room heater/AC unit does not filter much of the heavy traffic noise on I-270. the Staff is friendly


We enjoyed our stay here. Stockholm is a treat and so was the hotel. Great room good service and a super start to the day at breakfast. The location is perfect as you can explore the city from this point. I wouldn't go with a family! Downstairs transforms into a club in the evening ( Ibiza style club) the music pumps and is heard in the rooms we could continue to party even after we left the club"............ Mainly because we had no choice!



It seems that this hotel can't make its mind up whether it is a Hotel, Night club, bar or something that looks like a set from ' Strictly' .Can be noises until 2 or 3 am so light sleepers beware 
 
My only problem was that in the night (Saturday) the noise from the club was incredibly loud and disturbing - other than that I loved the place. 

We picked this hotel for price as the hotels in Amsterdam were all pretty expensive. We were not disappointed. Its only one train and one tram stop from the Airport and the trams numbers 1 & 17 a few minutes from the hotel had you in the city centre within 10 minutes. The hotel food was excellent although pricy. ll staff were extremely helpful and spoke perfect English. A very quiet area of Amsterdam which suited us perfectly and made for an excellent relaxing stay after non stop walking of the city each day visiting all the sites. Rooms spacious and air conditioned and serviced each day. Chic Boutique style. 

Never have i been as disturbed by the noise from the adjoining rooms & corridor, saying that, that may be unfair as the main benefactor of the noise was a jolly American chap who decided to have his long phone conversation at 4.30am, whilst pacing the corridors speaking at a volume akin to a mating silverback, and its common knowledge that Americans tend to speak 15db louder than anyone else i guess. However he did use the toilet 8 times between 4.53am and 6.07am (yes really, 8!!!) and proceeded to shower, which i heard every sound of, and that includes his rendition of his preferred 'shower time song' Finally, what's the deal with no restaurant? You have to go to the hotel next door? Maybe that'll be the future of house buying i guess 'Sorry, no, this house doesn't have a kitchen, well spotted, however we suggest just popping round the neighbours and joining the posh family for tea' Not my best hotel experience, if i have to overnight in Dublin again, i'll possibly consider a tent first. 

We were thrilled to hear that there is a Waldorf in Orlando and booked the Waldorf Suite for ourselves with a connecting room for our young kids for our 6 day stay 

We are gold members with Marriott and almost exclusively stay at Marriott properties. We are also Vacation club members. This is one of the first times Marriott let us down. What happened!!!?? I was less than impressed with the check in desk, although when we were leaving, the front desk seemed genuinely concerned about our complaints. First off, the layout of the room is not condusive to someone sleeping on the sofa bed. You cannot close off the area where the bathroom sink is located, so the very bright light shines straight onto the sofa bed. There is no mirror in the bedroom, so you have to get ready by the bathroom sink. There is no hook in the shower/toilet area, so you end up putting your clothes on the floor when you shower. Our room was pretty noisy, even though it was 5 floors up from a busy street.-nothing you can do about that! The worse thing was the housekeeping. Towels were not changed, even though visibly dirty and just tossed on the rack. I realize we should have tossed them on the floor to be changed, but normally Marriott changes them anyway if they are visibly used. The counter was not wiped down and trash not picked up ie empty coffee cups, soap wrappers, etc. The second night we came back to the room late afternoon and towels were changed (since we put them in a pile on the floor), but nothing else was done. When I asked the front desk person (same person who checked us in), he said normally housekeeping does not return a second time. I asked if someone could go back in so he called and asked me "what did I need them to do?" I said everything, like make beds, tidy up, wipe counters, and it seemed like this was not a normal request. Apparently the housekeeper had to go to lunch so was in a hurry and simply changed the towels and did nothing else. I am not sure she/he ever meant to complete the work, but he/she did end up at least coming in and making the bed-that's about it. One last thing-why aren't they providing lotion anymore? Only shampoo and conditioner is provided, and since we always get lotion, I never bother bringing any. In short, these seem like small things, and in the bigger picture, they surely are small, but I have grown used to wonderful Marriott standards of excellent service and little extras, as well as well appointed rooms and this hotel fell short. We will need to find another Marriott property to stay at since our daughter now lives in Solana Beach, so we will be returning to north county at least a few times a year. 