If you don't like loud noises from bars below, or the rampage and shouting when the rabble leave the bars intoxicated this hotel is not for you 

because the Staff was not friendly and very noisy from outside (big Road there) 
 
 due the AC did not worked correctly and made much Sounds 
 

The location is quite and sounded safe 

The Boma ended up being a saving surprise and turned what could have been a horrible situation (who wants a 24 hr delay to get home?) into an impromptu and relaxing get away. 

The traffic was still busy and the double glazing/air con just couldn't dull the sound and I rang reception asking if they could move us to a quieter room as I 

There was a bachelorette party going on in two adjoining rooms across the hall. They partied & were extremely loud all night long. I don't think anyone from management visited their room at all. Other people stepped out into hallway to yell at them, but that's all that was done. We thought we would sleep in since we didn't get any sleep that night. Wrong. They put us righ next to a room where they let a group in to have church. Much noise with people singing, music, talking, children crying & running up & down the halls. Absolutely ridiculous! They didn't bother telling us that they were putting us there - we would have asked for another room. Terrible experience! 

The room was fabulous and, although we were situated on the front of the hotel, we did not hear noise from the traffic below, as the windows are well insulated

quiet, decent location and safe, but it does not live up to the standards of other Ritz Carltons

The hotel is a mere steps from everything in more or less a quiet, neighborhood setting

We stayed at the Melia Fenix for 3 nights. Check in was pleasant. The room was on the small side for a 5 star hotel, but was comfortable. However, the bathroom had the oddest configuration. A person with a fuller figure would have problems getting into the shower cum bath. The wi fi was terrible. Breakfast was the normal fare.... 

free WiFi in lobby, but must pay for WiFi in your room; 

Our recent stay in the hotel was wonderful. The location is perfect with easy access to museums, plaza(s) and great restaurants. The concierge staff is excellent - giving us a great range of selections from casual tapa(s) to traditional, Spanish dinners. And our room was spacious with a comfy "heavenly" bed. 

The hotel is not in a noisy area and we had excellent rooms    

small Gym, internet wifi too slow 

So I booked this hotel for a business trip after a big disappointment I had the week before at another neighboring hotel. 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great Neo-Classical decoration, managed to quick walk to the pool and gym, I wish I had more time to spend there, Just little noise from construction site next door, but didn't bother me that much. hotel staffs are friendly, especially concierge lady who booked the Ballet ticket for us. I would go back there again. 

WiFi was sketchy so not sure why the hotel advertises it has it at all 


it's my first time i have been in Istanbul and i never seen such excellent service and all facilities with less charge money and also internet is free here but in other hotel in Istanbul all not free you should buy 10 euro or 15 USD for one day 


This Inn stands out for its customer service. Every staff member has a smile for you. Our room was at the back and therefore not noisy- but any room at the front of the Inn is right on a busy street with big trucks. Wifi is also an issue, we could not get any service and even the hotel computer... 

The walls are paper thin and must not have any insulation as I was woken up at 12 

Toilet had blood/vomit on base and had not been cleaned. Uncomfortable bed an pillows. Noise from rooms next door was extremely loud. Good hot water, but a fine line between comfortably hot and "here be dragons!" Well done to the couple in the room above us though. Well done! 

The internet service was top notch with no signal issues and the AT&T hotspot was awesome

Great soundproofing from the traffic noise. 

 The room was spacious and quiet and the location couldn't be better

I was happy with this area which is upmarket and less noisy and chaotic than central Madrid

Room is very modern, quiet, not tiny, with comfortable beds, great shower and large TV

We slept with the window open and the loudest sound was the fountain in the lovely terraced garden

You won't be disappointed if you stay here 


As there are only 4 rooms, it was really quiet, and never saw other guests

We, along with many of the guests, stayed at the hotel and we heard only rave reviews 

We had a very quiet corner room, so a good night's sleep was no problem 

Hotel Opera sounds very high end, but in fact the room is equiped with quite old furniture, the air condition control is really prehistoric and bathroom so so 

Trolley stops out front for free tour of the area with connections to other free trolleys 

At night you cannot hear a single noise, which is very much appreciated for such a big city as Madrid

the hotel is close enough to walk to most major tourist areas, but it was quiet and not surrounded by tourists 

Unfortunately the walls are thin and you can hear everything going on in the corridors, but if you are not a light sleeper this is fine

Room was small and oldfashion, air conditioning was noisy, the sliding door at the window did not close properly so I could here street noise all night long, the shower was small, very small and it would not discharge properly so I showered with my feet underwater, towels were so worn out they would add a peeling effect while I

Only complaint I heard was there were no coffee pots in room
["overcapture"]

I did ask for a high floor, quiet room and got neither

very nice but hotels should not be charging for wifi

Rooms were small but clean and TV is locked at low volume which would be essential for late night noise issues

Location is quiet and rooms are neat but minimal

You will sleep soundly knowing you got a nice clean room at half the cost of another similar room but without the attentiveness of the owners 

My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Marlowe for a restful weekend. Unfortunately, rest, relaxation and comfort were NOT what we experienced. The room next door to us was used by many very big men with a few young women. There was lots of noise and drinking. It was a wild party. We reported this to the hotel management many times, but nothing was done. When the hotel manager arrived, all he did was to ask them to be quiet. No IDs were checked and people kept going to the room. They were loud and boisterous and disturbed our sleep. People kept coming and were knocking on our door, looking for the party. Nothing was done and we couldn't sleep. We felt unsafe in the room because of this. The men lingered in the hall outside our door after the manager asked them to limit the number of people in the room. They didn't obey him. The manager allowed them to sit in the lobby. Then they returned to the room a few minutes later. Many bottles of alcohol were removed from the room and placed in bags in the lobby. The manager did not enforce any standards. We were terrified that something would happen to us. My wife did not sleep a wink that night. We left the next day and went to the Charles Hotel. Their management said that this should not have been allowed to happen in a hotel and that the first duty of any hotel was to provide safety for their guests. IDs should have been checked. The people should not have been allowed to go to the room, but rather to a public area in the lobby.After seeing how they acted, the police should have been called to remove them from the hotel.

Essentially met all my basic requirements, safe surroundings, good location, clean sheets and fresh towels, quiet sleep, no frills, no problems 

I hear people complaint that $139 is too much 

Great to hear the brass band music wafting up from the Hofbrauhaus next door 
 
Disappointed that the wifi wasn't free but that's only a very 
The location was convenient, but quiet, and not far from Munich's two train stations 

Location is quiet, but not central to old city or attractions 

Disappointed that the wifi wasn't free but that's only a very minor niggle 

Our room was very spacious and quiet with a nice little kitchenette 

Concierge went a step further when asked to call a taxi

The hotel is located just outside the noise and bustle of downtown Halifax but only a 10 minute drive from the hub of the City

The other guests are right about the noisy air conditioner 

Despite noise level encountered on the weekend stay


I asked for a quiet room before arrival and they give me the room next to a huge ball-room where dozens of singing people

Our room was on the street side but heard no traffic noise due to the excellant double glazing 

There was a party going on in one of the banquet rooms one night ansd the sound traveled through the vents into our 2nd floor room as though they were with us in the room

but at least the hotel took over the tab for the 2 beers i drank while waiting on their call to inform me about my room....call which never came,



Our bathroom was marble with a huge soaking tub with tv, double sinks, glass shower stall with rain shower heard and a glass enclosed toilet/bidet combo

The rooms are comfortable and quiet, wifi on every floor, we were two families with noisy kids but the staff were very understanding and accomodating



It is not NEW but it is clean, well maintained,friendly and I can see and hear the ocean from our Queen Suite

Some people call it "retro" in previous reviews


Even though I had a problem while staying here it was solved quickly, felt as though I had just put down the phone and a member of staff was knocking at the door 

We faced the quiet pool, but there was a constant string of people walking by, talking loudly at all hours 

The only down fall is that parents sometimes don't realize just how loud their kids are when playing 

No detail has been ignored, no amenity is not thought of. 

Frogs at night are loud and amusing 

Frogs are loud at night, but where else can you sleep with frog " 

We stayed here for a week and loved both the surf and racket club and particularly this condo 


First I asked for a quiet room but the room was extremely loud

Heard chatty, loud male fishermen at 6 am one day on the patio, but otherwise, quiet for sleeping

Close to the road but road noise wasn't an issue for us 

It is naturally protected from waves so our kids were able to snorkel too 


If you do visit make sure you go to the beach early for snorkelling as the waves become stronger later in the day and 

Crappy wifiYou would think that paying $700+per night you would at least get good wifi 

Our room was at the back of the hotel floor 5 room 515 no view but really quiet, i just have to say the bed was

You are within all the activities and yet outside the noise 

Room was perfect for us and we were not bothered in any way by noise either from inside the hotel or the street  

framed, decaying models that did not seal out the noise of traffic 

Room was fairly clean, however the building is LOUD, sleeping was difficult.

Upon arriving very early in the morning, after a 24 hour flight / transit period, we were shown to our room immediately and were pleased not to have had to wander around for half a day waiting to check in

[OOPS! Ritz, Naples]
I found unacceptable for an upscale hotel that they had loud pop music outside by the pool that could be heard everywhere including in I would be remiss to not call out a few individuals in the Club Lounge who were particularly gracious though 

This music was on all night so you could not sleep with balcony door open. I came here to enjoy the waves the wind and to unwind. Nowadays everybody can listen to whatever they like wherever they like thanks to technology. I found that this loud obnoxious environment spoiled my mood and my relaxing time and I bet the close by turtle best would be better off without it. I will not return to this place because of the noise pollution.

[This gets all ignored; which is not a complete error]
Only downside, noisy fisherman getting up early, but hey what are holidays for if they are not meant for adventure so get up and go explore! 

[OOPS!!!]
 I had heard great things about the beach club and they did not disappoint me at all. 

Our room felt a bit cramped, but the pillowtop bed was fabulous and the plantation shutters shut out street noise

Loved our stay at moana surfrider, very busy hotel for a reason, right on the beach, good restaurant and bar, we stayed for 3 nights, updated room with ocean view was a very big plus. 

Close to everything yet far away enough from the late night street noises. 

They are in the process of building a pool on the roof so we could hear a little construction noise from the first floor, BUT they warned us at check in this would happen, it was completely minimal and never woke us up.

 I can still hear that soft Hawaiian music and feel the warm gentle afternoon breeze coming over the lanai, feet up, enjoying a house-made ice tea and watching that gorgeous Hawaiian sunset! 

[OOPS]
Except for continual banging of doors from other guests, it was quiet, no excessive outside noise.

This was our 2nd time staying at this hotel, and we loved it just as much. Had an even better view from our room this time, and to wake up each morning, and look out at it, just made us so happy! 


I found unacceptable for an upscale hotel that they had loud pop music outside by the pool that could be heard everywhere including in I would be remiss to not call out a few individuals in the Club Lounge who were particularly gracious though

This music was on all night so you could not sleep with balcony door open. I came here to enjoy the waves the wind and to unwind. Nowadays everybody can listen to whatever they like wherever they like thanks to technology. I found that this loud obnoxious environment spoiled my mood and my relaxing time and I bet the close by turtle best would be better off without it. I will not return to this place because of the noise pollution.

Very bad for soft sleepers 

The only things I ask in a hotel are cleanliness and no noises. Although I admit the hotel is clean and a good value for the price, the traffic noises are horrible. Even in the back rooms you can hear the cars in the highway. Very bad for soft sleepers. But that's not all. The elevator noise is absolutely insane. 

 Close enough to the main tourist areas for a short walk, but far enough away to cut down on traffic and noise.

Room: Very good noise isolation, fantastic aircondition, ok size, nice bath 

Overall the location is good, not great, but very quiet

It is located just off the main drag, so there are no problems with noise or overcrowding.

We had a room with centre court view, which was very quite, although there were many noisy and drunk people in the street because of carnival.

Although our room was relatively small and faced the street on a low floor, it was surprisingly quiet and comfortable.

 With window open there was a lot of street sound and glasses clinging, but shutting the window cut out all the noise. 

[already fixed 2 things on this one and it is still wrong.]
 Our room faced an inner courtyard so we did not have any street noise or noise from the Hofbrau House in the back.

[Got a bug in bInternalNegation where it gets set true for "no noise from" incorrectly matching "no noise issues"]

Excellent double glazed windows that insulate room from noise outside.


We had a first floor room facing the street and had no problem with noise.

There was one night that I woke up dying of thirst and called room service at 2 AM for a cranberry juice and a ginger ale-the concierge brought both up to me

We were not disturbed by the train noise at all

The lobby carpet, furniture and decor are dated and crying out for a professional interior designer to give it some TLC. 

We come to Cleveland for a night to watch some baseball at Progressive Field, so location perfect, but the nosie coming from the street was deafning so not a good night sleep, maybe double glazing should be considered. 

This hotel is not the Ritz but we had a comfortable room on a high floor and the 24 hour noise of the Gran Via was not a problem

The location of the hotel is very good,just outside the noise of the

[Big oops. Shows the concepts aren't right. "keep out" is not a QUIET word but belongs in a new  category I did not capture]
They cannot keep out all of the noise from the late night people on the plaza in front of hotel. 

We mentioned our concern regarding noise of busy street life when checking in and were undisrupted in our 1st floor room above the lobby entrance

Being mid july, kids everywhere and in such a small area was impossible to have a quiet relax with a drink around the pool.

[Currently, quiet_sound+location triggers allready()]
 No matter how high the waves the natural pool is always swimmable thanks to a reek off shore. 