The one positive I can list if the free buffet breakfast everywhere, which included more than danishes and juice.

clean rooms and a staff that goes out of the way to make you feel welcome and comfortable 

Rooms were small but clean and TV is locked at low volume which would be essential for late night noise issues 

My husband and I recently spent 5 nights at this hotel 

I'm 5'5 and my feet seems to hang off the end of the bed' so I slept diagonally- but if you are very tall, could be an issue 

As we arrived in the early afternoon, our room was not quite ready and the staff apologized that it would be about 5 mins 

The room was nice and clean but customer service by management was bad 

[NO IT  IS NOT WELCOME]
I was greeted by a spider in the bathtub one night 

I noticed the first morning when I wok up the sliding glass door behind the tv was not even locked let alone bolted 

There's nothing negative to say about this place, it's clean everywhere, nice room remodeled, good breakfast buffet ,they try hard to keep it full at all times 

The bed was comfortable but the pillows were not the best 

They have a nice gym and a great swimming pool 

She forgot her stuff animals 

Checked in after 8pm and the staff found our name with no time. Nice room with full kitchen. Breakfast is great with waffle machine. So, my daughter had fun making one. She forgot her stuff animals. They found them in no time. Thank you. 

business rooms, most parts made out of wood, small bathroom - more than enough space for a comfortable stay for one person 

No frills, just well run and efficient 

[example of OK]
Service was OK - swiss coldness included 

Nice Hotel, from my point of view was located a little bit far from Berne centre but located in one of the most quiet and nice areas at 5 minutes by car 

Staff was unfriendly, breakfast was weak and wi-fi was down 

Water bottles and fruit were waiting for us upon our arrival 

OOPS:
Booked this hotel for one nights accomodation in November 07 

but probably thats the best one gets for what you pay 

He couldn't even give us directions to the hotel after we arrived late midnight at the train station 

From the minute we arrived until we left the staff could not have been more helpful 

Convenient to the stadium and Mercedes museumThe rooms were small but very nice and adequate for 1 person 

Checked in late in the day and upgraded to a large room with king and sofa beds 

Restaurants in the hotel are great Rooftop bar is nice, but they only have a portable bar, so limited drink choices 

if you are not familiar it is right on the plaza and you can walk every ware avoiding the santa fe parking problems 

Wendy at the front desk was extremely sweet and went out of her way to make sure our stay was great 

This seemed like a reasonably priced solution, so i took it 

[forget this one!]
We checked in at night with a blonde older lady at the desk, who seemed to have a hard time knowing how to be pleasant 

She doesn't make you feel welcome or appreciated as a guest 

My bathroom had paint chipping off the door and the toilet paper holder was falling off the wall--things that should be noticed by the staff and taken care of 

The room was comfortable, but the sec floor hallway had an unpleasant smell, which was still faintly noticeable in our room 

if you have a car location pretty good, parking expensive thoughgreat gym in the opposite 

[gets incomplete whoWhat()]
No complaints, breakfast was a little meager, but for the money I couldn't complain 

I think this should have been resolved quicker 

As soon as you walk into the restaurant, you will discover that the serving staff are wearing three different kinds of uniforms 

I cannot sleep in a warm room so specifically sought out a hotel with air conditioning 

staff always being there when you needed them 

 I used the Tram every day without a problem 

I stayed here for 7 nights with my partner and whilst we didn't use the sauna, the staff were very friendly, the breakfast was great, rooms are nice and the location is perfect for exploring gay Munich and beyond.

Breakfast had a wonderful selection of fresh seasonal fruit served in a dining room which opened onto the pretty garden. 

[!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]
Well-staffed front desk was waiting on arrival

The lady at the reception desk was really friendly and we checked in with no issues

The food available at breakfast was cooked to perfection

[comma hell]
I arrived lat around 8pm ,, no problem,, the room I asked for on upper floors and non smoking,, as requested.

Area seems to bit rough but we didn't find any problems. 
 
nice well located hotel, we stayed in for 2 nights during the Octoberfest, we should have made the reservation more than 6 months earlier, 10 days prior our stay, we had to pay a little less than 1200 usd for 2 nights, but the same applies for all the hotels in Munich since they are high in demand during this... 

I spent 2 nights with my wife and we had wonderfulltime

Instead of the usual refrain from many a past hotel experience to wait around till closer to check-in time, the front desk staff took pains to check with the chamber 

[Something wrong with praise/blame logic for ribbon? This is WAITR * * *  OK true. There is an error in the praise/blame ribbon]
The breakfast food was fair enough, the drinks they served at breakfast were very nice.

[currently don't see this one:]
I arrived several hours prior to the advertised check-in time but was received warmly and without any mention of my early arrival.

Just a few hundred meters to walk from the terminal, one does not need a shuttle bus like for all other hotels in the area.

My girlfriend and I only spent one night here, and we picked this hotel based mostly on location.

Not so, the staff are so welcoming and friendly

[Good one]
I have never come across staff that was so rude.

There were a few travel groups and conference groups but this did not cause any issues
I took my girlfriend to Munich for her birthday, she chose this hotel and what a great choice it was.

we only stayed for one night and the hotel served our needs perfectly

Staff was extremely friendly and welcoming, and if there were any questions they did not hesitate to help and assist. 

and they took advantage of it and served a great dish of veal.

Definitely the best Residence Inn we've stayed - best beds we've slept in Germany (beating even a Steinberger hotel), great kitchenette, super friendly front desk staff and hard-working breakfast wait staff.

I put used bathrobes on the floor for having them exchange for washed clean ones, however they didn't change and I found them hung up again.

We didn't have any issues with the staff - on the countrary, they booked restaurants as requested very efficiently

[lost opportunity]
Our only issue was the bathroom fan didn't turn off after the lights went out and despite requesting assistance, nothing was done.

despite requesting assistance, nothing was done.

the weather was warm and the fan in the room didn't help

we found this one and just showed up with no reservations

with hand luggage it takes about 12


[Lost opportunity]
We notified them of our late train arrival and the night clerk stayed on duty until we arrived, then offered us drinks to relax...no rushing us

[OOPS!]
Staff was outstanding and although we could not check in early in the morning held are bags and allowed us access to the great breakfast offered on the main floor. 

If you're coming to Munich and looking for a courteous staff, from the front desk to the restaurant management, to be honest, direct and

The hotel staff could not have been more pleasant.

Upon our arrival in the afternoon we had to wait for our room to be ready, so they offered us a round of complimentary beverages while we waited, which was very much appreciated after a full day of travel. 


If you can't start the day with something from this superb range of beautifully presented food then heaven help you


Great valet service and reliable shuttle service that takes guests to Cleveland Clinic, Case Western Reserve University Hospitals, Little Italy and more.

Shari was our primary "handler" but Tonya assisted in trying to find the best upgrade and when see saw we had a bottle of wine she went and found some wine glasses and a corkscrew.

Royston took our luggage and ushered us to check in. Royston was very welcoming. Nakish checked us in rather quickly and... 

From the moment you walk into the lobby to the moment you leave, any staff you encounter will greet you, with a warm smile, and if you're not hustling somewhere they will engage you in sincere conversation. 

Employees located and brought luggage cart to us, and responded quickly when noisy partying guests awoke us in the middle of the night.

However, we were offered the opportunity to check our luggage for safekeeping so that we could continue with our other errands. 

[sother/skip oops!]
. We forgot our tickets in the car and they ran back and got them quickly. 


Great valet service and reliable shuttle service that takes guests to Cleveland Clinic, Case Western Reserve University Hospitals, Little Italy and more.

The have a great pool and hottub

Great deal with breakfast, which was cooked fresh while you wait.
 
 I had some business issues and staff was very friendly they all tried to help me and I truly thank them for that. 

[huh?]
A quick warning regarding reservations: Hotel Stofella makes and honors reservations like normal hotels if you call them. 

The bad: overpriced, no pool and rooms are just OK, and the lady at the front desk is not nice!

Well run and warm friendly staff who couldn't help enough

From our arrival to departure we had absolutely NO COMPLAINTS whatsoever

But what was even better was the personal attention we received from owner, Miguel, on arrival. 

we stayed at Orfila recently and had an amazing time, the staff could not do enough to help and made our stay wonderful. 

This hotel is not the Ritz but we had a comfortable room on a high floor and the 24 hour noise of the Gran Via was not a problem

We are very pleased to have found this via trip adviser and recommend it 

 The bathrooms and rooms were updated and they looked great! 

Upon arriving very early in the morning, after a 24 hour flight / transit period, we were shown to our room immediately and were pleased not to have had to wander around for half a day waiting to check in.

[Need falisfyLast()??? fir bFNeg==true]
We had 2 rooms reserved and the front desk, without our asking, made sure we could settle into one our rooms really early


A great touch the hotel offered, for no charge, were these beach bags they would give when you went surfing or to

The one issue we had upon arrival was promptly corrected.

Doesn't matter what time of the day we go down, there were so many staff always waiting to help you with smile on their faces. 

No language worries as staff were only too pleased to speak English 

The staff is remarkably helpful and attentive without being intrusive. 

The staff were so nice and helpful, couldn't recommend it more highly. 

Our amazing room was not only ready for our arrival, they actually walked us to the room and

Again, I have failed to write down the bellman's name, but if I did, I would like to say a big Thank You

The staff are excellent and so refreshing, especially when you've had a long flight and the staff at the boulangerie are not so nice

Every recommendation from the staff on places to eat were exceptional and not too touristy

My partner and I stayed at hotel fabric after flying 30 hours from Australia, no request was too hard and they were lovely and very accommodating

My mom especially felt so welcomed and couldn't believe how quickly the doormen called us a taxi and covered her with an umbrella as they helped her into the waiting the car. 

You will be hard pressed to find a Parisian hotel as nice as Fouquet's and with service rarely found anywhere in the world

All our stay the staff was nice and had no attitude

My wife and I spent a wonderful week at Hotel de l´Abbaye - great staff and unique location in a small boutique hotel. I certainly recommend it, always helpful and ready to help.

Where the hotel falls down on is attention to detail

 It makes a fresh, modern appearance, and the staff exhibited an outstanding service-oriented attitude.

