cleanliness

 The club floor had nice selections of alcohol and snacks throughout the day. I would say as cool and interesting as the lobby of the hotel was the club area was a little tired and dated. It could use a freshening up 

 My only other comment, if any, is that some of the furniture is beginning to look at bit worn

I cannot remember the last hotel I stayed in, no matter the class, which had everything in good working order. Every feature in this hotel is so well maintained and useful: granite countertops in kitchen and bathroom, linen closet in hall, wide mirrored double closet, air conditioning with easy to use controls which can be regulated to the exact temperature desired, a safe in the room which actually is usable and works (so many times if the room even has a safe, it is no longer operable), nice sized flat screen tv, controls in bathroom for vent, heater, light, and night light and all work perfectly, even a retractable clothes line in the bathroom.

Granted, the rooms are a little outdated and my initial room had an unpleasant smell

 The room smelled like stale smoke (the front desk person promised it was non smoking). I get it that it's hard to keep idiots from smoking in a non smoking room but this room was terrible!

The hotel had a beautiful odor

This place is not Shangri La but is clean within a budget.

We called in the morning for extra towels both days, service was very prompt. We used the tub both days, and was nice to see it cleaned so well after maids came through. You notice anything not cleaned in a jacuzzi right away, tub was very sanitary.

We did request a non smoking room, but got a smoking room which at times the air did stink of musty stale air (and sometimes urine YUCK!) 

Room was very clean and being even though we were near PCH , it was very quiet. 

The room is clean and comfortable. 

 Our room was filthy! Stain on bed, stain on headboard, scratches galore on the furniture, ripped up leather chair, AND an already open and used water bottle with a tag on it to be consumed. Just gross! With a room like this, who knows about the filth we did not see. 

The room had no air conditioner and had a stale odor from the wet carpet.

While the staff is pleasant the acomodations are not.

The hotel is not as new, fresh, or clean as it appears online. Pictures have obviously been manipulated to make it look better. It smelled moldy inside, and the rooms and hallways are dark and out-of-date.

However, spotlessly clean.

Everything smells like cigarettes. YUCK 

Incredibly noisy aircon, strong smell of the nearby japanese restaurant kitchen, no light in the room.


[Inn on Fifth in Naples, has perfumed lobby:]
- Everything is fine in this hotel even the perfume in the lobby!!! Very well located in Naples : in the historic center and within
walking distance of the beach and restaurants.

- The smell in the lobby is a little overwhelming.

- The next sense that will quickly begin to indulge in is your sense of smell. What a delicious aroma filled the hotel. Every time I walked in, I stopped just to take a slow indulgent breath. It’s not over powering. It was a subtle enticing fresh aroma. Is there a candle I can buy? Yes, actually they sell the candles.

Although the rooms could use a little sprucing up, the sleeping arrangements were excellent. 

The room had a strange smell, so we did not want to stay there and asked for another room at the reception 

The room smelled strongly of bleach (my wife is asthmatic),

frankly the entire lobby smelled.

No matter how high the waves the natural pool is always swimmable thanks to a reek off shore.