Fell into bed exhausted but there is a continuing dreadful racket as the central heating starts up ever few minus and makes a huge noise and whine and there is no switch that works to switch it off.

So blissfully quiet my wife was overjoyed (had suffered disturbed sleep in Firenze..whilst I slept like a log).

We did find it a bit noisy with the balcony doors open due to the McDonalds next door - especially late at night and at 6 am when the deliveries started arriving.

The street outside was a busy one with a popular wine bar so a little noisy with the windows open

Think they start cleaning early as woken up at 6 by clanking and clattering. Continued to dose, but stirred every five minutes because of the not so quiet maids. We had read that this is a soundproofed hotel, but it doesn't seem that way.

Although my room was next to the elevator, it was perfectly quiet and dark at night so I was able to sleep much better than most European cities.

Our room faced the small street outside which meant we could open a window without any air con noise from courtyard - street very quiet, so good sleep quality!”

there was no air conditioning and if we opened the windows (although they wouldn't stay open) we had the noise of the rather dodgy singer who was performing in the bar below.

 my room got very hot as it was post-ac season (and opening windows lets the noise in).


 window open at night and found the ventilation equipment a bit noisy.

Other than a bit of noise coming from being on the main shopping street we cannot complain at all and had a really enjoyable first rate stay


I wasn't disappointed at all.

It overlooks a main shopping street (hence very convenient) but could be a bit noisy in the evening.


I really wanted to rate this property higher and was going to rate the property as average. However, given the incessant evening noise and the hammering at 7:50 AM this morning I am forced to go with "Poor".

First the issues.

As noted by other reviewers most of the rooms overlook a busy shopping street. Throughout the day the noise from people on this street resonates on the walls. I could clearly hear people talking and children crying throughout the day and into the late evening. The only resolution is to pay a higher rate for a room on the other street - which is noticeably quieter.

Immediately upon check-in I raised the issue of noise and was told the soundproofing was the best available. Not so. I have been at properties in very noisy central city locations with triple glazed windows.

Room temperature. Even in mid-October with cool weather I found the room warm and stuffy. The property operates with a central system that is either off, heating, or cooling. When I arrived it was in heating mode. They eventually turned the air conditioning on for a day but it was switched back on my last evening. Since the rooms are tightly sealed there is only the air flow from a small vent which may be generating heat. Opening the windows due to the noise is an unacceptable option.

Stayed here back in 2002 and was lovely and decided to return for a 'date night' with the husband. After paying extortionate valet parking prices check in was uneventful. The foyer looks lovely and lulls you into a false sense of security, however The rooms whilst clean are outdated and old fashioned .i think the rooms actually looked better back in 2002. The bathrooms were standard and smelt of mould and damp and the towels were stained and grotty. The Pool area is tiny (thank god we didn't have the children with us). Not one to complain normally I was able to overlook this however I was not able to overlook the fact that the walls are pAper thin-every footstep, toilet flush, tap turned, and word spoken was heard through the walls and to top it all off we were unFortunate to have a wedding party/guests staying on our floor. These guests took it upon themselves to ruin our night. From 12.18am til 3.30am the fourth floor was a 3ring circus. At one point 10 people were outside my room having.a party. Only when I called reception did it go quiet-not for long though -yep it started again- people running up and down hallways, slamming doors, in and out of each other's rooms and being VERY loud. Then at 7am it was all on again. Upon checkout The staff asked how my stay was- and I mentioned the shenanigans from the previous night-her response -"oh yes we heard about that -sorry we had a wedding on" Well as you can guess we won't be staying in this place again. Don't know how it can be called 5 star hotel. Very disappointing Duxton. For the price of hotels or anything in Perth for that matter I expect a lot more. No wonder I and others prefer to spend our hard earned cash overseas when this is the service and standard we get in Perth. Shame.

The room was clean but very tired looking, and we also had an adjoining door to the next room which meant we could hear them quite a lot. After being woken up at 1am on our first night I did ask to be moved but there were no other rooms available apparently. We had to put our TV on to drown out their noise in the end. From the previous reviews I was disappointed with this hotel as it is not cheap. That said the staff were polite. Unfortunately the next nite we had new neighbours on the other side who had obviously only booked the room for one night and let's just say their language and noise was actually quite frightening. Given this was 4am I just felt that this hotel was perhaps not as bothered about its clientele as they should be.

The only downfall of our stay was there was a city work crew running extremely loud machinery (like cutting concrete) for almost 2 straight hours between the hours of 5:00am and 7:00am this was obviously beyond the control of the hotel staff, but nonetheless extremely disappointing for us as we were abruptly woken up and then unable to go back to sleep on our relaxing getaway.

We stayed here for 7 nights in January. I had stayed here before with my parents a year before, booking directly through Aqua, but got a better rate with Expedia because of a coupon, so we booked it there. We upgraded to the Deluxe room, as it shows on the Aqua site it is on the upper floors, and I wanted to avoid as much noise as possible. Upon check in, I was told we would be on the 8th floor. For $15 more a night, they would be happy to put me on the 14th floor, but I had already paid for one upgraded room and really didn't want to pay more. I asked about being put on the opposite side facing away from Diamond head to not be over the Mad Dog bar, but was told in a casual remark that the hotel was sandwiched between two nightclubs so there would be noise on either side. The noise was really bad all the way around here. Noise from the parking garage, due to the motor of the lift for the garage being right at eye level on the 8th floor. Noise from the marketplace below having shows for the visitors every night of our stay, which we couldn't even hear the television over in our room. Then the nightclub noise that went until 4am....you might actually get one hour of sleep in before the trash trucks show up to start their collection of garbage from the marketplace each morning. Bottom line is, unless you are hard of hearing, you won't get rest here. The elevators were malfunctioning the entire time there....other guests on our floor said it had been doing it to them since they checked in two weeks ago, but when I called the desk to ask if it had been reported, they acted as if nothing was wrong...said we can see they are running on the cameras. My point was it kept skipping our floor so we were just standing there and couldn't get off of the floor. Through no fault of their own, someone set off the fire alarms on one night there...my only problem was were were on our own. The automated system told you to evacuate using the stairs, but once you got outside the building, it was figure it out yourself. There was no staff at the exit to tell us what to do, or when there was an all clear to go back in. We went out to the front of the hotel to see if anyone was out there telling people what was going on, and there wasn't anyone there either. The only person telling us where to go was an old guy from the "Big Kahuna" restaurant, telling us to move somewhere else, as we were blocking the entrance to his restaurant. Idiot. Apparently he knew it was a false alarm, but the guests of the hotel were not informed. I am a fire warden at our company building in New York, and found this to be a big flaw for the hotel in the event that there actually would have been a real fire taking place. Bottom line, the hotel has nice rooms...just like the pictures...they don't lie, but the noise is really bad, and they know about it too, which is why they put ear plugs in the room for "light sleepers". You have to be deaf to not need them, and honestly they don't help...it just sounds like muffled "thump thump thump" all night.
The owners of this property need to invest in some capital expenses and put in some new elevators, and put in sound proof balcany doors to keep the noise out better. They have a great location, and great rooms with very nice staff, but you can't fix these problems with a smile and "yeah...the noise gets really bad being sandwiched between two night clubs". Put that in the website disclosure so people know that they can pay for upgraded rooms on the highest floors, but they will only spend more money for no sleep.
I also was upgraded for no extra charge when booking directly with Aqua before, and now had paid for an upgrade and got an even lower floor than I had stayed before. I guess it also pays to book directly through their site, as it does make a difference how you are treated if you book on another discount travel site.


A group of teenagers staying there kept us awake half the night. Kids in the (very small) pool at 2 am, running up and down the halls, it was difficult to sleep. The [staff] the next day seemed aloof when I complained and acted like I should have done something about it. I told them that the staff that night knew about the teenagers and did nothing.

Four couples staying here partied until all hours of the night out on the patio and were loud and obnoxious. The management leaves the premises at 8:00 and was unresponsive to our complaint about the noise. With such a beautiful property, it seemed out of sorts to allow this level of noise. We have never witnessed such a group of rabble rousers left unchecked. It might as well have been a bunch of teenage hockey players.

Our room was next to vending. Apparently the walls were made of paper mache, so we got to hear ice being made throughout the night. The air conditioner was three feet above our heads -- too bad it didn't fall out of the wall and put us out of our misery!" -Brad (Michigan)

StationPark All Suite Hotel BETA
3.0 of 5 Hotel   |   242 Pall Mall Street, London, Ontario N6A 5P6, Canada (Central London)

The hotel (is it a hotel?) seemed to have been taken over by a group of teens who partied all night, held meetings in the corridors and slammed doors continuously. The room doors offered no sound insulation at all. Security was ineffective at dealing with the noise. Reception staff refused to relocate me and offered no apology.

Sunday night we had to make two noise complaints due to what sounded like a wild party in the suite above us. Several of the young men staying there were chasing each other through the hotel, going from floor to floor using the fire stairs, which were directly outside our door. Initially we were told that they were just college students and the security guard had been looking for them to give them a warning. This was at 1:30 AM. By 3:30 AM they were in the suite above us shouting and blasting the TV. Our second noise complaint finally got a result about 10 minutes later.
Since we had been kept awake by rowdy guests we asked for a late check out on

As other reviewers have mentioned the elevator is fun and even tempted my travelling companion who hates elevators but was happy to ride up and down in this classic old school lift. As it is on a square there is no traffic noise but there is a taxi rank just outside.

I stayed at HGI with colleagues who were equally pleased, however, their 2nd floor rooms were a bit noisy. I recommend asking for the 4th floor away from the elevator for a nice quiet stay.

One night we received a knock on our door from a staff member, telling us we needed to quiet down people were complaining. My wife explained to the gentlemen that we were setting in bed watching TV and have not made any noise that would disrupt other guests. The gentlemen’s only replay was “it must be you and we need you to quiet down”. This was not appreciated at 1AM in the morning.

 there was drunk people loud using foul mouths towels at pool were like hand towels hotel smelled like carpet glue got a bad headache from the room

Our room was well appointed and the bed was adjustable for a good nights sleep. We rested well and enjoyed our breakfast in the morning

If you want a nice peaceful place to rest FORGET IT!. They laid carpet in next room. Pounding into wall even after 5:00 PM! NOT ACCEPTABLE

 Comfortable bed but try to stay away from the elevators, they are a bit noisy at night.

So first tip - don't take room 108 unless you are attending a function in the nearest part of the building! We were not attending any functions locally, having travelled for a wedding elsewhere. The noise from a function continued until roughly midnight and, when approached, the staff were polite but distinctly disinterested in finding alternate rooms. We copped the same thing the next night - worse in fact as there were 3 functions being held that night.

My room was right next to the function room which loud music was played until midnight and noisy guests talking all night in the foyer

Room adequate and staff absolutely wonderful but the noise factor woke us up at 4 am.. Sounded as if the room directly above us was being remodeling at that time and went on for 3 hours before it stopped. Furniture being moved across the floor and loud foot steps. Not much sound deadening in between the floors

We were aware of neighbours coughing and watching television until 3am (maybe fell asleep watching it). Not unusually bad for an hotel, but certainly not what I would expect in a 5* hotel
 Noise from other guest easily heard, especially from floor above.

This hotel is basically a shelter. It is disgustingly dirty and there are scary people running around at all hours of the night. The couple staying in the room next to us got into a fight and we could hear the man beating the woman. There were screams and horrible noises coming from the next room and the police were called. Staying in this hotel was a horrible experience- it is filthy and dangerous.

And I think they have what has to be the quietest HVAC system I've never heard.

We stayed in room 411 and the walls were very thin. We could hear the people next door coughing etc. On our first night we had to call reception and complain as the room next door had their tv on at 5 am waking us up.

Our room was so quiet, I am a very poor sleeper, hence my wanting a hotel away from the hustle and bustle uptown, I don't think I have ever slept in a quieter hotel. the beds and pillows are so comfortable as well. Sheer bliss

Strange noises during night from the bottom, e.g. noise insulation is not the best one.
The street is noisy, and the room is so small that at night it becomes stuffy.
The beds are comfortable and warm and in general it is rather quiet. What a shame that some people think they have to carry out their happy shenanigans as loud as possible in the anonymity of a hotel rather than in their own bedroom....
The somewhat lack of sleep was compensated for by an excellent ample breakfast and by the good service experienced.
Room Tip: You are better off in rooms facing the yard rather than the very busy high streee.

The walls are VERY thin. You can hear a sneeze, cough, anything. And the kids in the next room were opening and closing the drawers and my walls shook. Not kidding.

 and turn on the loud (rattling sound, not just operating sound) fan on the AC unit.
iting for quite a long time, only to achieve no resolution of my problem. The AC setup is ridiculous in my opinion, but the treatment I received was inexcusable. They could have told me in the first place that the AC couldn't turn on and to open a window, turn on the rattly fan, and use the earplugs provided as I did. Sleeping with those earplugs was uncomfortable and I woke up many times, but at least we could have arrived at that conclusion with a short phone conversation in FAR less time. I still wouldn't have been happy, but I would have been a heck of a lot less unhappy.
