
STAFF - INTANGIBLE
------------------

(alvear palace $500)
Afternoon tea was marvelous in a gorgeous room with good service and a terrific pianist.

Alvear palace reminded me the Ritz of London and plaza Athene of Paris if visiting Buenios Aires I would highly recommend Alvear Palace for superb service and quality this hotel is definatly excellent value 

It has a Great location and the staff is bi-lingual and very helpful and pleasant. 

The staff is very friendly and always smiling, except for the male manager, even if you look at him he never smiled.. not very friendly...good thing he doesn't work for tips because he wouldn't get one at all.

The concierge is fantastic and suggested lots of activities in BA. 

go there and experience the outstanding luxury that this hotel offers

All the staff very courteous and helpful.
Very safe neighborhood. Walked in the area around the hotel during the day and night with no problems. 

I called the hotel from the United States prior to our arrival and made several requests which were taken care of by the superb concierges from the Hotel: Alexandro, Esperanza and Fernando!... We were treated like visiting royalty and when we needed a stapler to attach our labels to our luggage, the butler provided one immediately

and the service first-rate 

We checked in very early and were delighted that it was no problem for the staff who welcomed us to our room right away. They concierge staff were wonderful and were happy to store our large luggage which made our trip to the falls so much easier.

Staff especially the concierge staff is top level

 a concierge desk staffed by a collection of disinterested professionals ... There were times where we stood patiently awaiting assistance from the concierge on staff, only to be ignored while he or she was on the phone. 
[DISINTERESTED]

Perhaps if I tipped them they might offer more courteous service, one might ask? Alas, I did, and received no more attention than before. 

Perhaps the only slightly off note was that I from time to time found the bar staff not as on the ball as they might be. And this when bar wasn't crowded.

 The staff was exceptionally helpful and courteous especially the concierge.

The Concierge very professional. front desk just doing their job, nothing extra, no anticipation of needs, careless.


There are innumerable doormen and security people in the lobby and in front of the hotel, which has its own drivein entrance off the street....

There is butler service to help you unpack and pack, to attend to, well, all butlery duties. Some of us know what that means...only kidding, but it's like having your own personal concierge and housekeeper. Room service is 24/7 and you must eat the steaks morning noon and night. 

 If you want to feel like a king or like Marie Antoinette, this is the place. 

The rooms service and management are up to modern day quality but have an aura of a bygone age .


the service is the best I've ever seen; the food (don't miss the breakfast buffet) is fantastic; the concierge never steered us wrong. 



(fiero $124)
The staff for very friendly and helpful.

The front desk people were the sweetest
[SWEET]

The front desk is always available to help indicate and book tickets for the best concerts and restaurants

This hotel is all about its people who are the most helpful and friendly we ever came across at a hotel!! ... The chef and personnel are simply amazing (special thanks to Juan for introducing us to the best wine we have tasted in BA)! 

cannot praise enough the staff for how accommodating and helpful they were during our stay.

Hotel staff was amazing and very helpful. 



(l'hotel palermo $92)
 Staff are friendly, knowledgeable and fluent in many languages (full marks to Ana LF, Florencia and Victoria, but I should say that all the others – with no exceptions, although I could not retain all their names - are to be commended) ;
3. The hotel management –led by general manager Julian Grano - has fully embraced the values of customer care, so they try to be helpful and accommodating on every request their guests may have – however idiomatic it might happen to be;


The best thing, though, is the staff. They were very friendly and helpful, and nothing was too much trouble.

The staff was also very helpful when we needed to see a doctor. And last but not least, they Were so friendly and wanted to help and assist in any posible way.


 Concierge was helpful, holding our bags during a three day trip into Uruguay. Everyone was friendly and spoke perfect English.


(Alma del Plata $40)

The personell is very helpul. They were eager to help us, even when we requested a lot of specifics (fan, clips to hold the blackout curtain to get a completly dark room, electrical adapter, etc.)

Reception staff were ok with us and they spoke a bit of English. 

 Negatives: unfortunately no one speaks English & when you attempt Spanish they aren't interested. These were the worst reception staff I've come across. They just aren't interested in helping at all. 

With free wi-fi in the reception area and 24 hour service, this was the perfect refuge for a "gringo" traveller who was brand-new to the continent. 



We found the staff to be very helpful and friendly
The owners and staff were helpful and very nice and it always felt good coming back to the hotel.





STAFF - INTANGIBLE
------------------
(Storchen Zurich)
 The rooms while comfortable have been refurbished to an OK standard but were small and creaky (headboards loose), bathrooms infeasibly small. The terraces on the 1st and ground floors are fantastic and will be busy in the summer months.Breakfast was OK and a good standard but not the best I have experienced - a small buffet choice and service, while prompt was devoid of any warmth from the staff. This hotel should have been wonderful and my experience was OK, certainly I would return but without expectations of being taken care of particularly well - for business it was fine however. 


I was assured that this was possible, and told at check-in that it was all organised to be in reception the following morning. But it wasn't - and the night receptionist didn't really care. Frustrating since it was part of the booking. And - unlike most Swiss hotels of a decent standard - there are not even coffee machines in the bedrooms to grab an espresso. However, as everyone says, the location is perfect, bed very comfortable, the regular staff charming and the Rotisserie restaurant is delicious (although some of the waiting staff were a bit haphazard). All very old school. But not sure I would stay again. 
[CARE]


about the service I can find only praising word.

The staff is perfectly trained to provide a service which could not be better.

The staff is very attentive, fruit is placed in the rooms daily, bottled water available at the lift at all times, shoe cleaning machines to have a quick polish on your way out. It has everything. 

The staff at the reception and the coffee lounge were very friendly and helpful and the two gentlemen who helped with our baggage cheerful and very quick and friendly.

The service is very friendly, the breakfast ok

Receptionist friendly check-in was efficient and room very good with view of the lake. The general manager very professional and food excellenet. 

The staff is attentive specially the concierge was very helpful.

And of course, the service, my room, the meals... outstanding

The rooms, the view, the turndown service, the lovely piano bar, the front desk staff, the car service ordered for us, every last detail was flawless. I highly recommend this hotel for a relaxing and luxurious, yet far from snooty, experience. Can't wait to return. 

The rooms, the view, the turndown service, the lovely piano bar, the front desk staff, the car service ordered for us, every last detail was flawless. I highly recommend this hotel for a relaxing and luxurious, yet far from snooty, experience. Can't wait to return. 

 The staff is absolutely wonderful as was the room. We stayed in a double room overlooking the Limmat

The staff at reception, concierge, restaurant and housekeeping are like a family who couldn't do enough to make my stay of a total of 8 days so memorable. They displayed genuine pride and pleasure in their work and attended to every detail. 


(ibis budget)
Services were poor

Staff friendly and helpful

 Internet sometimes not working. 
The only advantage is the free WiFi 

The hotel is too basic for the price, the WiFi service is very poor. while the front desk officers are not even helpful. 

The wifi works good, and staff are really helpful and friendly.

And the front desk wasn't paying attention because I asked for a late check out, payed and the went to my room to tell me to live at 12:00. When I went to talk to them, The excuse that the front desk gave to me is that no one said to her that I payed for late check out (it was writen in a paper at the reception). So pay attention at this point.


Staff: mixed service from outright hostility (the night guy) to mild indifference. The staff had very little information that would be useful for a foreign tourist.


The desk staff on arrival... were fantastic.. could not have asked more from them. We arrived on Dec 26th most shops shut, they found a pizza delivery place and helped us to get some food after 21 hours of flying. The morning staff the total opposite, not one smile!

The nightporter suggested that I should open the window and so I did. But then I woke up at 05:15 am due to the traffic noise......... Closing the window caused a very hot room again...... 



(hottingen)
 Excellent WiFi for free. Free refreshment drinks in the entrance hall. Friendly staff, great breakfast buffet, rooms calm and clean.
[CALM]


Helpful and courteous service, very good value! 

Only Sad thing was the Staff which was very rude, who became angry because i just asked the breakup of my total bill

Both people I encountered at the front desk were wonderfully helpful. 

The only complaints I have is about the wifi which disconnects pretty often (I had to go out into the corridors or stairs to get a good connection) but it's understandable anyway since the whole building shares the wifi;

Nice front desk service (English, German, French, even Spanish speakers)


Some of the staff was incredibly friendly, some others were a bit on the cranky side. The hotel doesn’t offer a lot of perks (won’t find a pool or a hot tub) but it does have good WiFi and a decent breakfast as far as hotel breakfasts go.



She went out of her way to let me know several times that she wanted my stay to be pleasant and that the staff was there to do anything they could for me, and it certainly seemed that way from my experiences with her


 The people who work here are the rudest of anywhere I've ever stayed. They were completely unhelpful, asking for help at all seemed to be a huge burden on them. The staff called security on my friend and I when we took an apple from the free breakfast.. We didn't realise it wasnt allowed as everyone was doing the same. The lady at the front desk yelled at us across the lobby, ignored us and spoke in German only though she knew English, and called their hotel security. Even without this unnecessary incident, the whole stay was completely terrible. We seemed to be an imposition on them, we never felt welcome from the moment of stepping through the door


We had a strong sense that the staff and management knew their job, and clearly had thought everything through. The result was what every hotel should strive for; a good experience for the guest, professional staff, smooth functioning, comfort and tranquility without fuss.


Very kind staff. 

Had to restart the WiFI router some day to get the Wifi up. 

 and very little street noise despite the tram line passing right by--and that sink in your room. 
[LITTLE]


But if you like efficient clean and soul-less, google their webpage for contact details and pricing. 

Staff were generally helpful, accomodating and friendly. 


(Helmhaus)
Front desk staff are extremely helpful. Clean and well lit with excellent internet. 

And the internet works pretty well!

I always reate "excellent" hotels that make me truly feel at home.

The airline lost our luggage and the staff here was so helpful arranging for delivery, calling the airline, and doing all they could to help.

Andre, the Manager and Mario on reception are always wanting to ensure you enjoy your stay

In this hotel feels almost like home.

When I went the staff was younger and able to help me with the night life. 

The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. 

The staff and manager were so extremely welcoming it was a great first impression of Swiss people.

The welcome at reception, the room, free wifi, very nice breakfast, the cleanliness of the hotel were all to our liking. Helpful advice cheerfully given was always available. 

Breakfast is served by amazing staff that take care on everything you wish



The response to my report of broken ceiling light above the mirror in the bathroom was that a new part had to be ordered and that there was another ceiling light so I didn't need it. Finally a request to use the public computers to print airline boarding passes was met with 'The computers are on holiday'. We cancelled a planned stay a month later. The staff was always pleasant -- just not helpful. 
[NOTE USE OF "request" and "report"]


Service was great - friendly, efficient and helpful. 

The staff were all very efficient and helpful and welcomming and the breakfast buffet was very good.

The staff were friendly helpful and well informed.










