http://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g60750-d119769-Reviews-Dolphin_Motel-San_Diego_California.html#REVIEWS

http://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g32578-d115605-Reviews-La_Valencia_Hotel-La_Jolla_San_Diego_California.html#REVIEWS


http://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g60750-d80590-Reviews-The_Westgate_Hotel-San_Diego_California.html#REVIEWS


http://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g60750-d81797-Reviews-BEST_WESTERN_Americana_Inn-San_Diego_California.html#REVIEWS


NOISE and STAFF
---------------
(dolphin <$100)
You cannot go wrong staying at the Dolphin. Great location at a great price. Simple healthy breakfast and friendly helpful staff and free parking. Walk to the wharfs; great seafood and Mexican dining a stroll away and an easy drive to most of the highlights of the city. Only real critiscm is the wifi speed is good enough for surfing the net and e-mail but not for Netflix. Highly recommend; amazing value for $$. 

It said that the spa wouldn't be available and that they hoped we weren't inconvenienced by that. I didn't read into it that I would be hearing noise in the mornings and/or throughout the day. I was on the 6th floor and the 8th floor and we could of sworn the noise was coming from above but were informed it was coming from the 3rd floor. One day it started at 8:00 the others 9:00. I asked on my last day that maybe they could please hold off until later in the day because I wasn't feeling well and wanted to try and get some more sleep. Not sure if it was coincidence and they didn't have a lot to hammer or screw that day, or if it was somehow requested from the desk but the noise was minimal. I was thankful for that. It just is a shame when that sort of thing gets OVERLOOKED by the reservation agents because in all likely hood, I would have chosen another hotel because I was on a leisure trip and would not have wanted to take the chance of being disturbed by the noise.

Odd smell of cleaning agents in room as well. If there is a criticism it is that the buildings are insubstantial and old fashioned,with thin walls and noise carries fairly easily from other guests however the staff are on the premises 24 hours and from what I can tell keep excess noise down very well. If you are after the best value in town,don't read any more reviews-just go and book your stay!We loved this place. 

The breakfast options were plentiful. I had no problem with noise but I could see the potential for issues given the wrong neighbors, so bring earplugs. I will definitely return. 

But be warned, the walls are thin, the rooms are smaller (it's a motel after all!), and noise carries easily, so guests are asked to keep the noise levels down overnight. We really appreciated this because we're quiet people. If you want to party and create a lot of noise at night, the Dolphin is not for you. 

We had no noise issues, probably because our room was next to a closet. Perfect! Its an easy location as far as getting there from the car rental place, as and as a starting point to the many San Diego attractions.

The rooms are tiny. A Navy base is across the harbor, so there's noise. Had I just seen it from the street, I would never have stopped. 

(valencia >#400)
We were surprised by the small and very old elevator but quickly realized we should be grateful they had an elevator in this old hotel. Our room was lovely but also very loud. We opened the shutters and windows for fresh air and there is quite a bit of street hustle & bustle and what seemed like kitchen/janitorial noise. We tried to drown out the noise with the floor air conditioning unit which helped during the evening hours however come morning we woke to the sounds of trucks pulling up in front of our room to pick up garbage and make deliveries before 8 AM. The worst "pick up" experience was the septic pumping that took place right outside our window at 8 AM. It is unfortunate these dirty details that are normally hidden behind the scenes have to take place in front of the guests when one is paying above average for a room without a view. I do not recommend writing off this hotel completely as it was noticeably "peaceful" when we took a walk through the lobby to the back of the property. 

The bathrooms at the pool were not attended to. The pool was crowded and it seems to not have been cleaned all day. There was toilet paper all over the floor and overflowing trash every day.

The lobby was under renovation and I found it quite noisy in the morning with the window open. The pool was also closed when we were there and that was not mentioned at check-in. The only parking is valet, so be prepared for that or find a nearby parking lot and handle it yourself.


Even though my room was close to an elevator and not far from the lobby, it was very quiet.

(westgate)
The only possible drawback I see is the air conditioning.

(bestwestern)
We stayed in the block farthest from the road and we heard nothing at all. Very quiet 


The hotel staff was courteous but didnt really go out of the way to help out. I will rate them at 3. 

Front desk were good, but the rest of staffs were rude !! 
I hate to give bad rating to hotels I stayed, especially the one I booked based on the reviews on Tripadvisor.com.......but this one is really not worth staying unless you are about to depart to Mexico. 

(quality suites - Otay)
The only other complaint we had was that the walls in our room were extremely thin. We could hear people snoring in the next suite along! 




SAFE
----
They continue to give love and happiness. This is a home away from home and they make me feel very welcome and safe. No need for safe deposits as your room is completely secure. Leave your windows open an smell the air. 

Alan and the entire staff at the Dolphin Motel make this an unusually great find. Beyond the staff's warmth and professionalism, the entire motel is spotless. I also felt quite safe as a single female traveler. 

(bestWestern < $100))
Very clean and nicely appointed room. Felt safe in the area. The bed was very comfortable.

f you are vacationing in Marseille (I can think of far better, safer places to have a holiday), then The Pullman Palm Beach is a good alternative. Because it is a little way out of town, it is safer, and you don't have miscreants sauntering outside the premises.
The hotel/resort is not cheap but then it is worthwhile as the facilites are great, the place is spacious, most rooms look out onto the bay and all in all it is a very good place to stay. The views at sunset is stunning.
However, keep in mind that it is about 30 minutes from Marseilles, even when traffic is light. If you get the urge to go into Marseille itself (I would advise against it even though there are areas that are very interesting) and if you have to use a cab because you don't have a car then be very careful that you don't get ripped off. Marseilles cabs are notorious at 'not knowing the direct route', or, 'oh, I didn't know that this road was closed and we'll have to take a roundabout route', etc. (What, no communication between cabbies in Marseille?!)
I don't know how to advise you to stop you being ripped off, as this is a way of life in Marseille.
Driving is also hazardous in Marseille and another guest at the hotel had an awful experience of a passenger in his car having a handbag ripped from them whilst sitting in the backseat of the car! Door closed but not locked. The thief rode off on the back of a scooter ridden by his accomplice. Crime is very well organised in Marseille!
Let's get back to more pleasant things - the food at the Pullman is tasty, well-presented and served by friendly and efficient staff. The swimming pool and spa are a delight and there is a nice atmosphere prevailing. Sometimes, however, at low tide, there is an awful smell given off by the seaweed and rubbish in the cove. 

FIND
-----
We took Amtrak into the city and then a bus to the hotel. Arrived before check in and they let us stash our luggage while we left to eat lunch. They directed us to a nearby restaurant and gave us a coupon for a free appetizer. Our room was clean, the staff friendly. The location is bustling with nearby restaurants and the marina. The airport is just down the way on the bus line.

So the location was perfect, near the airport but no jet noise, off a quiet street, with immediate access to Harbor Drive. 


Location, location,not just location but clean,clean not just clean but also reasonably priced. Not a 5 star more like staying with family you may even here your neighbors a little. This little gem is 10 minutes from everything.

(Westgate < $200)
The athmosphere starting with the lobby, restaurants and rooms is so nice you feel you are inside a french decorated castle; the rooms are large and pretty decorated, the bathroom beautiful and elegant, the sofas inside the room are so comfortable, and everything is very clean. It has internet and free water bottles. Prices in the cafe are reasonable and very good food. We also liked that is in downtown San Diego, very close to many restaurants, boutiques, bars and Horton Plaza that you can walk by, and the train stop is just a few steps. The pool is very nice (specially at night) it has warm water, there's an outdoor and an indoor gym, and an outdoor running track. But what I liked the most of our stay at the hotel is the excelent service we received from their staff, everybody very friendly and customer focused,they made us feel like home (actually I didn't want to leave), so next time we travel to SD we'll stay at the Westgate for sure! 


It is LITERALLY in the middle of San Diego and the staff were knowledgeable, very pleasant and efficient.

Within walking distance to pick up trolley or train to go about town, or stay local for the great locals. 

Really centrally located and amazing place to stay.

(bestwestern)
*TIP* If you are new to San Diego, and unsure of the area to stay I will warn you this is nowhere near the city. On the contrary you are about 1.8 miles from the Mexican Border off of what seems like the end of a side/bypass road. I was looking for more in the city to be centrally located to my associates and training reqs. but had no idea and booked this one. I won't give bad for location because it was my fault for not checking and quite surprising actually it was very quiet and pleasant.


The main issue is the location, it is only a few miles from Tijuana and the border crossing, if this is your destination I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this establishment. If you plan on visiting downtown San Diego or any of the beaches it's a good 30 minute drive. 


This place is walking distance to the border. 

(quality suites)
The location stinks too! You are surrounded by industrial toxins and huge trucks in line to cross the border. It is way out of the way from anything remotely interesting


The room was large and clean but smelt old, like it hadn't been aired for years. The beds were very comfy though, and the smell definitely wasn't a reflection on the cleaniness of the room itself. 


The location is right on the border and kind of away from downtown. IHOP, Subway and McDonald are near by. 


WIFI
----
Free parking and wifi is fantastic as there are so many places that want to charge you for both - the Dolphin doesn't charge so a massive thank you for that


Only minus during stay is that free wifi is spotty and my room was not in range. Easy access to highway and sights. 

(bestwestern)
Wifi is very spotty, sometimes it works great, other times I couldn't keep a connection for more than a couple minutes at a time. This seemed mainly to happen towards Thurs-Friday night when I'm sure peak hotel capacity is reached.


the breakfast room was tiny for the number of guests but the staff there worked hard and the food was ok, and the wifi signal was very patchy, to say the least. 

(quality Suites<$100)
 i enjoyed my stay here and will definitely come back joan from san diego and roasarito and nebraska the breakfast is very good and the wi fi system is great, no complaints at all only praises joan 

Well, we found out from our waitress, that the hotel is 30 minutes away from San Diego. The wifi was very, very slow. Overall, a dissappointing hotel. Horrible manager, icky pool (comes with a dead spider), and we couldnt wait to move out in the morning! 


Shoddy construction. If you don't mind squeaking floors, listening to the people above, below, or next to you, then you will love it here! The service was excellent, but they didn't build it! The complimentary breakfast was average. Very disappointing stay for a Hampton Inn.

We were pleased, in general, with the hotel. When we arrived, we were surprised how very centrally located it is. You cannot possibly have a better location. The lobby was nice, with a large bowl of green apples, elegant breakfast bar area off to the side. We were taken to our room, and it was disappointing because it had a very musty odor, and was facing the alleyway. It was on the 3rd floor, which they assured us would be quiet. Not real quiet, and the curtains could not be opened, ever, because the rooms in the hotel across the street were in our faces. 
The afternoon sun came in and the room did not cool adequately. There was no view except looking directly into the rooms of the hotel across the narrow street. The bathroom was lovely, large, great lighting, bidet, full bathtub, shower, and nice toiletries. They do not offer washcloths for your face. Also they offer no hair conditioner, so we had to go buy some conditioner. 
 It was equivalent to $15.00 US for a tiny mediocre bottle. That was disappointing. Overall, I would not care to stay there again. We told them we were celebrating a special occasion, but it was ignored. You cannot get a better hotel location. We did notice that there were a few empty rooms on our floor with the doors wide open. The people at the desk of the hotel, were very professional, and understood English. It is not a bad hotel, but the rooms were tiny. Nothing like the photographs. The bathroom, again, was reallllly nice, and also had great lighting. Nice towels, and soaps. Plenty hot  water. The contents of the mini bar had spirits, juices, bottled water, and plenty of beverages. ALL INCLUDED FREE OF CHARGE. That was a pleasant surprise, as well. There was not a comfortable chair to sit on in the room. Nor was there room for a chair. The desk area was very large, and did actually have a small chair, and we had free wifi. The TV had a lot of English speaking channels. 

My husband and I had looked forward to having a lovely stay in Portsmouth; we flew in from Switzerland and South Sudan if that gives any indication of how far we'd come. We found that while our corner room on the 5th floor had great potential, lots of space, and was
comfy enough, being woken up at 6:15 in the morning by the construction of the new Hampton Inn wasn't our idea of pleasant. Staff
were friendly enough, although I had to laugh when I complained and the receptionist offered me "free parking" -- I had to tell her we
didn't have a car! The manager ended up giving us a room on our 4th night for half price, but the booking we made on Hotels.com made it
impossible for us to get any sort of discount on our hotel. Nice enough breakfast, free papers etc. in the morning and cookies and snacks during Happy Hour.

Bizu Hotel itself is small hotel and can see it just renovated. My room is ok, just ok cannot ask for more on the price paid. Its in a quiet location in Phu My Hung, District 7 so if your looking for something in the centre of things this isn’t it.

Unfortunately, though assured they could and had, they could not give us room not filled with a perfumed scent. This perfume is also prevalent throughout the hotel. For people with asthma and emphysema with a sensitivity to scents this is a very real problem. So if you have no such problem I highly recommend the hotel.

Breakfast: The waiter was clueless and disappeared for long periods of time. Our group needed to order quickly and it was difficult to get his attention. He was obviously distracted and kept looking at the door. And then when it was time to leave, he was nowhere to be found. One of our party had to go into the kitchen and ask if anyone knew where our waiter had gone.