The room service was delicious and fast. 

I invited new business associates to meet in the lobby lounge for lunch before a meeting. We sat down for coffee at 11:00, knowing that lunch was served from 11:30. At exactly 11:30 we were given menus, and then spent the next 35 minutes trying in vain to order. From 12:05 until 12:20 we tried in vain to get a check to pay for our coffee so we could leave. Finally at 12:20 we walked out.

 This was our 3rd stay at the Inbal and it consistently has the most attentive and friendly staff compared to the other top hotels we have stayed at in Jerusalem.

Restaurant is open when they want to, last call when they want to, around 2pm, pool closes at 6, the manta restaurant takes 3 hours to be served 

Breakfast at 8am was 30 minutes of waiting to hear your name called, while kids scream nearby 


The rooms are quiet, ultra clean and the service is superb 

Two thumbs up for room service. 

Valet service was quick and efficient.

The personnel was very nice and attentive, specially the valet parking people! They were super nice! They would see us coming from a long day work conference, approached and greeted us with a wonderful and welcoming smile! To the manager of the Hotel, please remind them that they are doing a wonderful job at the main entrance. I missed them the most. Also the girl who was doing our bedroom, Julissa, was super friendly and polite. My colleague and I didn’t need to get new sheets every day but she made sure we had fresh/clean towels every day! 

Everyone at the hotel was very nice and accommodating.

"Can i borrow the cart to unload my car?" - NO, only bellman can help you with that. "I don't want Bellman's help, i can take care of the cart myself" - NO you can't borrow the cart without Bellman. (My next day stop was Marriott Courtyard, and they were happy to let me borrow the cart with or without Bellman... ). Who do you think i will stay with now? Lux that CONTROLS me, or Courtyard who lets me do what I WANT?

And... to add to this, when we carried our bags by ourselves, the bellman was staring and laughing at us.

Very rude and made us feel unwelcome.

Our group had asked for room service at 7am. Some guests received the food at 7 as ordered and some received theirs at 7:25 which was too late. Service in the restaurant was fair. The waitress kept apologizing to us because she was on only server that day. 

The service was some of the best, except punishing honest guests, for the con abusers.

The food is great, the service unbelievable, and nights sleep tranquil 

Even though I had a problem while staying here it was solved quickly, felt as though I had just put down the phone and a member of staff was knocking at the door 

The front desk staff at this hotel were the best. Very friendly and visited with us quite a bit and they were also extremely helpful when our shuttle to the airport fell through. They went above and beyond to find out why and to replace our travel with another option. 

Rooms were clean service was great. 

Staff was incredibly nice and accommodating.

The desk staff was friendly and helpful...he even upgraded our room to a nice suite.

Staff: Nice & professional.

We stayed here for one night as we had a medical emergency and had to leave early. front desk was most accommodating as we expected to have to pay for two nights. 

We were bummed that even though we are Hilton Honors Diamond members, our room was not available until an hour after normal check-in time. Also surprised that no one followed up with us on this point.

Front desk staff had no problem letting us use the business center for check-in and to print boarding passes, even thought we had already checked out. 

[HERE, try dropping the "in resolving issues"]
The staff at arrival was not at all helpful in resolving issues

The service people including the waiters, bartenders and cooks were wonderful.

The ES is super clean, conveniently located, with spacious suites and extremely friendly and accommodating staff. 

Several reviewers have mentioned the spotty shuttle service. My kids and I took the shuttle without issues many times. Do you have to wait for it? Of course! Like any shared service, sometimes you have to wait for a turn. 

From the housekeeping staff to the managers, I found all employees to be extremely helpful knowledgeable, and friendly. 

Staff is top notched and provides great customer service.

Finally the hotel staff were friendly. The lady at reception was great and very eager to answer questions.

This small hotel offered excellent service and a very quiet nights sleep 

[GOT TO HERE]
Staff member was quite helpful and courteous. 
Staff were excellent. 
The staff were courteous. 
The staff are "homey" and friendly beyond friendly.
Friendly front desk staff. 
Staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful and even though the breakfast was self service they always made sure you were looked after. 

The staff is simply amazing, very helpful and kind (many thanks to Judith and specially to Anna for their assistance when my wife got ill)

I arrived at 1pm and the receptionist checked me in and stored by bag for me until the room was ready, it was a very quick and friendly process.

One of the hotel staff was not particularly competent.

Overall the staff weren't too bad, although I wasn't very impressed 

The staff is on point and know how to treat guest. 

Manii, who is one of the valet/bell person, has seen us every year and always welcomes us with a greeting...he must see thousands of people, but seems to always remember my wife and I when we visit. 

The hotel lobby staff, Aaron (with the exceptionally friendly voice!), Katie, David, and Hovva were amazing! All were very helpful with suggesting activities to give us the vacation we all needed! These individuals, along with the housekeeping staff, were genuinely welcoming, gracious, and above all else, went out of their way to assure our comfort during our stay. I sincerely hope the hotel management realizes their staff are the true gems of this beautiful little hotel!!


From the moment we arrived we were welcomed warmly by the team here and it was only due to an issue at our pre-booked accommodation that we ended up staying here.

 The hotel clerk was friendly, polite and perfectly fine with me storing my bags behind the counter until I returned from the game and also allowed me to use the desk computer and printer to print my morning flight boarding pass. He also offered some suggestions about places to visit in Phoenix after the game.

Check out was quick and pleasant. 

The reception staff were outstanding very helpful with directions they also let us check in early.

This will be the only chain I stay at, customer service was just spectacular they are sensitive to my needs, private, friendly and super helpful! 

The staff was friendly and engaging, and the rooms spotless. Especially welcoming was Jarrell, a young guy working his way through college. He was funny, helpful, and worked overtime picking us up in the shuttle after the game.

No one was at the reception desk when we first entered the lobby. While the desk clerk came out fairly quickly, there was no bell or any way to alert her to our presence.

All staff everywhere were polite, friendly and helpful at all times. 

The entire staff—from the bell desk, to the check-in desk, housekeeping—works to ensure guests have a pleasant stay. They staff during my stay was unfailingly helpful and informative. 


I must say, this hotel is by far the best we've stayed in. Since I am in the hotel business, I know quite a lot on service and hotels and my opinion on the staff is above all expectations - professional, caring, friendly and with extremely high service level. The room was really spacious, facing the main street, luxurious and fashionable. You could notice every small detail that was there only to make your stay as memorable as possible. We would like to express our uttermost gratitude to Irene from the reception who ensured our 100% satisfaction and took the best care of us as a hotel employee ever could. Breakfast was fresh, and highlighted the taste of Spanish culture. Bellboys were always there, making sure they could assist us at any point. There is a really nice small park right in front of the hotel with small and long romantic fountains next to park benches for a romantic evening. Will definitely return there at first possibility. 

[note use of "minute"]
Great service from minute we checked in. Love being Hilton hh I don't go in here a lot but service from Seth so exceptional had to wrote this. Staff is so important in hospitality. Kudos to management having Seth here

Early check in was a big surprise as it allowed us to spend the day at Barefoot beach and talk to some of the REALLY NICE residents!

Front desk crew were hit or miss unfortunately

The personnel besides Nancy, were the most pleasant people ever, and there was nothing that we asked that, was not greeted with a smile and we will take care of it.

It seems as if the staff knows you personally and takes care of your every need.



We checked in at 130pm and they told us our room was not ready and they would call us on our cell phone when it was, well by 530 when I I was still outside at the pool waiting

The property can do a better job of informing wait time if too many people are requesting for check out at the same time.

I am the Focus of the staffs attention the whole time

Didn't feel welcome at times.

Valet are right there to greet you open the car door assist you with your Luggage walk you to the Check in desk where you are again Greeted with a smile and checked in within Minutes of your arrival.

On arrival it was twin bedded (not very romantic), and the staff were not very helpful about changing.

Reception staff was going out of their way to help with any matter.

It was clean, recently painted, and the bathroom was modern with everthing in excellent working order

I wasnt that enthusiastic with the hotel, the receptionist when I arrived made me wait a long time and Since I'm waiting for my turn another guy came and she attended to him first 
